+++
# copy from https://about.nzt.ventures/imprint/ and its respective content file
# Change "Website provided by" name + address + court + register number
fragment = "content"
weight = "100"

title = "Disclaimer"
subtitle = ""

[sidebar]
  title = "Imprint"
  content = """
*Information in accordance with section 5 TMG*

**Website provided by:**  
Okkur Labs GmbH

Hauptstrasse 15  
85716 Unterschleissheim  
Germany

https://about.okkur.io

**Commercial Register:**
District Court Munich
HRB 244484
"""
+++

## Accountability for content
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per §§ 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).

## Accountability for links
Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.

## Copyright
Our web pages and their content are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (§ 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (§ 106 of the copyright law).

# Data protection details
## Geltungsbereich

With this data protection declaration, users receive information about the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of their data collected and used by the responsible provider.
The legal framework for data protection is provided by the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the German Telemedia Act (TMG).

## Collection of general information
With each access to this website, information is automatically collected by us or the provider. This information, also known as server logfiles, is of a general nature and does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person.
Among other things, the following are recorded: Name of the website, file, date, data volume, web browser and web browser version, operating system, the domain name of your internet provider, the so-called referrer URL (the page from which you accessed our website) and the IP address.
Without these data it would be technically impossible to deliver and display the contents of the website. In this respect, the collection of data is absolutely necessary. In addition, we use the anonymous information for statistical purposes. They help us to optimise our offer and technology. We also reserve the right to check the log files if there is suspicion of illegal use of our offer.

## Cookies
This website uses so-called cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer from the server. They contain information about the browser, IP address, operating system and Internet connection. These data will not be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without their consent.
Cookies fulfil two main tasks. They help us to make it easier for you to navigate through our offer and enable us to display the website correctly. They are not used to infiltrate viruses or start programs.
Users have the possibility to access our website without cookies. To do this, the appropriate settings must be changed in the browser. Please inform yourself about the help function of your browser how cookies are deactivated. However, we would like to point out that some functions of this website may be impaired and the ease of use may be restricted.

## Use of Matomo Analytics 
This website uses Matomo Analytics. Matomo is an open source analytics platform currently used by individuals, companies and governments all over the world. With Matomo, your data will always be yours. Matomo Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on the website providers server. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Matomo will not further track your visit of this website.

On behalf of the website provider Matomo will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. We will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Matomo. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

## Data economy
We store personal data in accordance with the principles of data avoidance and data economy only for as long as it is required or prescribed by law (legal retention period). If the purpose of the information collected ceases to apply or if the retention period ends, we will block or delete the data.

## Your rights to information, correction, blocking, deletion and opposition
You have the right to request, on request and free of charge, information about the personal data stored by us and/or to demand correction, blocking or deletion. Exceptions: This is the prescribed data storage for business purposes or the data are subject to the legal obligation to retain.
For this purpose, please contact us at data(at)seetheprogress.net.
To be able to take a data lock into account at any time, it is necessary to store the data in a lock file for control purposes. If there is no legal archiving obligation, you can also request the deletion of the data. Otherwise, we will block the data if you wish.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy
In order to ensure that our data protection declaration always complies with current legal requirements, we reserve the right to make changes at any time. This also applies if the data protection declaration has to be amended due to new or revised services, for example new services. The new data protection declaration will then take effect the next time you visit our website.
